hello friends today I'm gonna show you
how to make potato fries filari put out
of faith it could be edible at the time
of fasting in a bus so the ingredients I
need are thin for a destructs this
should be the size of the potato strips
powdered sugar same dynamic this is the
fasting salt user the fasting time
cilantro and curry leaves it's most
finely chopped so let's start the
process of making thin potato fries
cattle at the fasting time first of all
take a pan and pour some oil into it in
which we can fry the potato chips
where are the strips so our oil is
hitting left and then when is fully
eaten we will para put it put a little
strips in it now we will pour our
parado right
now you can see of apparatus of Christ
the last part of protecto cells of time
in the pan and the consistency should be
like this the patella should be fired
and should be golden brown and color and
now you can see all our potato fingers
are the side and you can see our water a
nice golden color it gets now in oil we
will pour about Kelly now you can see
our curry leaves and cilantro leaves are
finely chopped which are fried well now
we start the process of mixing D and
adding flavor seasoning into the file
first of all we will pour all our fries
into the bowl then we'll pour cilantro
and curry leaves into the bowl you can
also add the chilies fried chillies into
the fries but we don't eat chil even the
fasting time so we I had only a poor
curry leaves and the cilantro into the
bowl then add powdered sugar and the
salt fasting salt into the bowl and mix
it well with your hands using your hands
now you can see how delicious it is
looking so this is the process of making
Pereira fries hope you enjoyed it thanks
we will see you once again with next
recipe thank you